[trace] add Unmarshaler functionality to SpanContext and subfields (#6738)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  The package contains semantic conventions from the `v1.31.0` version of the OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions.
  See the [migration documentation](./semconv/v1.31.0/MIGRATION.md) for information on how to upgrade from `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.30.0`(#6479)
- Add `Recording`, `Scope`, and `Record` types in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/log/logtest`. (#6507)

> - Add explicit JSON Unmarshaler interface methods for `trace.SpanContext` objects and subfields in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace` (#6738).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add explicit JSON Unmarshaler interface methods for `SpanContext`, `TraceID`, `SpanID`, and `TraceFlags` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace`. (#6738)
```
